How about this ginseng?
It's the thumb.
Especially this century-old wild ginseng
Ordinary people will definitely get nosebleeds if they eat it.
Why don't you invite everyone here?
Pick a few random people out and swallow nine
To accelerate the distribution of ginseng medicinal properties
If this is really wild ginseng
Then you will definitely have a nosebleed in less than 10 minutes
And it's raging
Certainly.
If this is farmed, it will have no effect.
At most, the body does not heat up.
So everyone here
Anyone want to try it?
I'll do it then.
Hou Lao wishes you happiness and health
be safe
Ok ok ok you too
And so forth.
Hou Lao
I think he and Yang Ming are a team
They should do it in one fell swoop
If you let him verify it, hum
I'm afraid the two of them will make a game.
Make a table with me and you will be friends
that
It's not all my accomplices who are in the same room as me
Of course!
Then everyone here today is my accomplice
Teacher Hu makes a wish to dye the teacher
And me, Teacher Liang Tao
You are quibbling
Okay, okay.
Liang Shao is the son of my best friend
With us, the soldiers of the generation are supreme
He's willing to come out and help verify
I believe he won't lie to me.
Humph